What wall was hit into the hospital?
Fertility is gone
Now.
You can only find a few provinces and villages.
Five years ago.
He brought it all
Thanks.
Thanks for saying
Brother, what should I do if he can't come back?
Don't worry, he'll be fine.
Brother Li is actually quite amazing
But
Why not Luo Feng?
The flower arhats around me are not very good at it either
The dead masters in his hands are not in his hands either
Well I just died
Why are you crying?
I just died what did you say
I'm dead.
Brother, I thought I would never see you again
Okay, okay.
I told you it would be okay.
Miss Shu invited you today
I'll come to thank you another day
I'm still asking you to take my sister home first.
I have something to deal with